I'm Francie and these are fidget yippits
fidget yippits are these fun-loving zany
pets that you can teach tricks to
nurture and they'll even dance with you
to turn on your yet bit just flip it
over
hit the switch over to the minus sign
and those cute noises mean you're yep
it's working
yep it's peak their own special yep it
language and they'll respond you back
with fun little barks and whimpers so
the first way to play with your yep it
is to teach it tricks you can teach it
to sit spin in a circle it'll even do
push-ups and of course the Yip it will
dance on command you can teach your Yip
its tricks with clop commands and it'll
know which trick to do based on how many
claps so for example three claps means
that she'll sing and dance so let's try
it out so four claps will make here yep
it bag
since our yep it followed our command
make sure to press one of the buttons on
her head as a reward and that way she
knows she did the trick right and she'll
do it even better the next time pressing
either button on top here yup it's head
you'll get all kinds of fun noises and
movements so you can actually also play
games with your yep it to get into game
mode you want to press and hold button a
until you hear the music use button a to
switch between games and then button B
to select so we're going to play chase
the light
yep it still play a pattern of lights
and you want to try and keep up with the
lace by responding as fast as you can
fidget yepit's are actually best friends
with our original fidget friends yep
Thank You Willa I think you look pretty
good too
I want to show everybody how to do the
sonic chirp so you can talk to your yep
it friend first hold down the sonic
chirp button on the back of your fidget
friends head once you hear the Boop you
know she's in Sonic chirp mode so next
hold down the two buttons on top of your
bits head so the yippits and fidget love
to play together and even when you're
playing games on the hip it and use the
sonic chirp fidget will unlock secret
content in the game you can collect all
four you bits we have skipper scooch
blue key and powder they love to play
together
collect all the infants and have your
very own yippits dance party